{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red2\green128\blue9;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c784\c50196\c3529;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12700\viewh10180\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf2 % Anne Collins, UC Berkeley
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs20 \cf2 % annecollins@berkeley.edu, 2024
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs20 \cf2 % Code for paper "RL or not RL? Parsing the processes that support human
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs20 \cf2 % reward-based learning."
\fs24 \cf0 \
\
Full code and data for the paper \cf3 "RL or not RL? Parsing the processes that support human\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3  reward-based learning." By Anne GE Collins\cf0 .\
https://osf.io/preprints/psyarxiv/he3pm\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
This code is developed in MATLAB 2020B, and includes use of the \'93optic\'94 toolbox and the \'93statistics\'94 toolbox.\
\
There are 3 folders corresponding to three independent parts of the paper. Please cd. Into each folder before running scripts.\
- RLWM contains data and code for all RLWM data-sets modeling and analyses, including main figures 1 and 2, as well as multiple supplementary figures. See readme inside the folder.\
- RLWMP contains data and code for RLWMP data-set modeling and analyses, including main figure 3 and multiple supplementary figures. See readme inside the folder.\
- SimulationFig4 folder contains code for the simulation study shown in Fig. 4\
\
Additionally, for convenience, the SPM package spm12 is included in this folder as a dependency for model comparison scripts. However, installation of this package may be needed to run the model comparison scripts. \
SPM is a package developed at UCL and can be downloaded freely from the source below.\
https://www.fil.ion.ucl.ac.uk/spm/software/}